the protests continue at the University
of Chicago on Monday a group of faculty
and some of them are standing here
within the encampment say that they
stand with the protesting students and
they say they're willing to be arrested
with them if necessary the University of
Chicago has a long history of allowing
free speech and protesting but one
professor says there is an exception for
Palestinian issues what do you call that
exception I call that anti-palestinian
racism and anti-muslim racism and
anti-arab racism
um ultimately it's a belief that
Palestinians are not human beings that
they do not deserve the same care
respect voice um that other people get
Chicago Police have shown no reluctance
to come in and arrest students over the
weekend they arrested dozens of students
at the school of the Art Institute of
Chicago and at depal University they
responded to clashes between pro-israeli
and pro Palestinian protesters John
hendin Al jazer Chicago
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer